what you've got to remember is that
Kaziranga is a unique place and if we
don't support the forest guards and
three-quarters of the world's Indian
Rhino will be gone forever
and this place will never be the same
again
it's amazing I mean he's just gone there
he's just gone there but I'm sitting
here looking at elephants just having a
drink and wandering around you can hear
rhino just up the track a little bit
further I mean we are right in their own
backyard here it is fantastic so much so
even I'm beginning to feel at home I've
practically got my feet under the table
mind you these guys can run at forty
kilometres an hour so keep the Jeep
running yeah
he decides to think in the waters with a
bit of trouble
we'll probably save I was in the service
to see him to see him in the wild its
wake